Add blog-post for week 31 (#147)
packit/packit.dev: content/posts/July-2020.md

[anchit]: https://github.com/IceWreck
[a few new api endpoints]: https://github.com/packit-service/packit-service/pull/746
[an overview of the projects]: https://dashboard.packit.dev/projects

## Week 31 (July 27th - July 31st)

- [Jano] did a lot of work on our deployment. The installation of all our dependencies is much simpler now.
  ([packit-service#747](https://github.com/packit-service/packit-service/pull/747),
  [packit-service#753](https://github.com/packit-service/packit-service/pull/753),
  [packit-service#756](https://github.com/packit-service/packit-service/pull/756),
  [packit-service#757](https://github.com/packit-service/packit-service/pull/757),
  [packit#919](https://github.com/packit-service/packit/pull/919)),

> - Packit now put a link to our documentation for status showing the problem with permissions thanks to [Tomáš].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Packit now puts a link to our documentation in a pull request status when a contributor is not allowed to build the PR, thanks to [Tomáš].
```
